whistles guys and welcome to just kiddin
party I am Joe and this is bland on and
we are gonna play this game called 50/50
this is a game already and this is a
subreddit to be specific for you or
editors out there and what this game is
about is there's a title and it can be
something pleasant and it can be
something disgusting but you never know
what the fun you're gonna get so you
click this one for example is this 50/50
Mudkip save or inside face hell are not
safe for work let's see what the hell
happened oh it's my kid Mudkip from
Pokemon how cute
rod is gospel funtom fundamentalist or a
narcissistic gospel singer they both
shall not say forward either but they
both have okay let's listen let's check
it out it's called looking for sitting
there the pianist um
oh don't was talking all fucking bad-ass
like you gonna kill it on the mic Oh
what the fuck man
okay let's see let's see Oh sexy
athletic girl hmm
or time-lapse of human decomposition oh
all right all right sexy athlete girl I
want a boat or not get grossed out click
it I did a nerd stuff oh man what the
hell Wow the grandpa died loaded up and
then like this oh right
it bloats up and then the juices come
out you see maggots like uh-uh
dude what the fuck dude an album of puns
or a man's back has turned into a
billboard by being pierced with 47 pins
one at a time dude that just that just
sounds like fucking a cock acupuncture
all right here we go
all right let's do it oh it's an album
thumbs hey why are graveyards so noisy
they're they're not they're literally
always because of all the coffin hey
what are you doing looking for your next
victim huh next victim and it's Dracula
man fuck this shit it's a fucking new
bitch ass humour man next one guy
surfing with an alpaca or lady in high
heels fails at jumping over a Scott
honestly I want to see that shit all
right let's my lady in high heels but ah
that's just I do
yo tethers and alpacas like a little
llama huh
that was sobering what the alpaca dude
that's pretty sick actually yeah
out-of-date how do you even train a I'll
pocket I don't know that looks skinny as
hell he looks like a french fry with
hair British warships succumbs to a
German torpedo attack or Marion cock
cocktail argh I don't know how is that a
girl
I also alright let's do it it's a
torpedo damn dude
they have film back in those days man
fuck that's how she I think that's oh
shit that is old school man I think
that's what people sliding off at first
shut the fuck holy shit it is peoples it
is you like you just kinda had like
Chinese skate man dude oh fuck those are
ants man those are pit bulls holy shit
damn round flips over a table nailed it
man uses a nail gun
nails his hand obviously both let's see
this this make this shit happen click oh
wait that will put his hat on the table
and fucking diddle flip he took a front
flip and caught the Hat doing that his
skills right there dude
old man punched on a subway or old man
tries to fight a big guy see oh oh what
oh man I'm gonna get down oh shit dude
let me get down oh are you thinking mama
knees Oh what I don't know but once that
old man took off that hat though that
was like oh this fool crazy man dude
he's boxing like this to like like oh
people back in a day they box like this
using nunchucks to play ping pong or
Russian Roulette next to a ping pong
table
whoo let's see what the hell happened oh
shit it's Bruce Lee do this shit man
that is the so sick time how does he do
that
it's Bruce Lee do Wow
that fool could fuckin jump kick and
like hit your testicle with a nunchuck
with 20 feet away last one all right
let's see this how to properly nail a
log to a wooden board or how to properly
nail a penis to a wooden board oh hell
no oh my pants this is one I don't want
okay let's check it out dude that shit
look like a fuckin porcupine on a dick
dude we get oh oh my god you guys can't
see this why would anyone fucking do
this
oh man the pain I felt it on my teeth
right right right when I hop dude it was
like somebody got like a fucking bunch
of broken glass and just smash that dick
on it or something
oh dude how can we end it with like a
hot girl sexy I don't know next up will
be hooyah and hush fanny pack baby so I
used to think only lame people wore
fanny packs but I always have my wallet
fall out of my pocket because all I do
is wear joggers shorts and sweats and if
you guys wear those things you know